[ ![Consensys Diligence](/diligence/images/logo/logo.svg) ](/diligence "Home")

[Audits](/diligence/audits/ "Audits") [Fuzzing](/diligence/fuzzing/ "Fuzzing")
[Scribble](/diligence/scribble/ "Scribble") [Blog](/diligence/blog/ "Blog")
[Tools](/diligence/tools/ "Tools") [Research](/diligence/research/ "Research")
[About](/diligence/about/ "About") [Contact](/diligence/contact/ "Contact")

# Paxos

  * 1 Executive Summary
    * 1.1 Scope
  * 2 Recommendations
    * 2.1 Update to a more recent version of the Solidity compiler ✓ Fixed
    * 2.2 Convert `DOMAIN_SEPARATOR` to be `immutable` ✓ Fixed
    * 2.3 Convert the assembly `call` to Solidity ✓ Fixed
    * 2.4 Update comments about state mutability ✓ Fixed
  * 3 Findings
    * 3.1 Owners can never be removed Critical ✓ Fixed
  * Appendix 1 - Disclosure

Date | November 2020  
---|---  
Auditors | Steve Marx  
Download | [PDF __](/diligence/audits/2020/11/paxos/paxos-audit-2020-11.pdf)  
  
## 1 Executive Summary

In November 2020, we conducted a security assessment of Paxos's multisig
wallet contract. This wallet is based on [Christian Lundkvist's
`SimpleMultiSig` contract](https://github.com/christianlundkvist/simple-multisig), which we [previously
reviewed](https://github.com/christianlundkvist/simple-multisig/blob/master/audit.pdf).

Paxos's modification allows the set of owners to be changed after the wallet
is deployed. This report focuses on the impact of those changes.

We performed this assessment between November 7th and November 10th, 2020. The
engagement was primarily conducted by Steve Marx. The total effort expended
was 8 person-hours.

### 1.1 Scope

File Name | SHA-1 Hash  
---|---  
SimpleMultiSig.sol | 80d54d79fa1ec6268ad42d01f393417edb47bdc5  
  
## 2 Recommendations

### 2.1 Update to a more recent version of the Solidity compiler ✓ Fixed

#### Resolution

The Solidity version was upgraded to 0.6.11 in [paxosglobal/simple-multisig#8](https://github.com/paxosglobal/simple-multisig/pull/8). This is
the latest version supported by Slither.

As a general best practice, we recommend updating to the latest version of the
Solidity compiler. A recent compiler version would also enable a few small
improvements, which are listed as separate recommendations.

### 2.2 Convert `DOMAIN_SEPARATOR` to be `immutable` ✓ Fixed

#### Resolution

This has been fixed in [paxosglobal/simple-multisig#9](https://github.com/paxosglobal/simple-multisig/pull/9).

Starting with version 0.6.5 of the Solidity compiler, state variables can be
marked as `immutable`. Such state variables must be initialized in the
contract's constructor. Otherwise they function much like constants. This is a
good fit for the `DOMAIN_SEPARATOR`, which is computed at runtime to include
the contract's address but otherwise acts as a constant.

**code/contracts/SimpleMultiSig.sol:L25**

    
    
    bytes32 DOMAIN_SEPARATOR;          // hash for EIP712, computed from contract address
    

### 2.3 Convert the assembly `call` to Solidity ✓ Fixed

#### Resolution

This has been fixed in [paxosglobal/simple-multisig#9](https://github.com/paxosglobal/simple-multisig/pull/9).

Starting with version 0.5.0, the Solidity `address.call()` function no longer
has the padding bug described in
<https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/issues/2884>. This means it's possible
to get rid of the assembly block in `execute()` and instead use Solidity. This
is a small win for readability.

**code/contracts/SimpleMultiSig.sol:L79-L84**

    
    
    // If we make it here all signatures are accounted for.
    // The address.call() syntax is no longer recommended, see:
    // https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/issues/2884
    nonce = nonce + 1;
    bool success = false;
    assembly { success := call(gasLimit, destination, value, add(data, 0x20), mload(data), 0, 0) }
    

### 2.4 Update comments about state mutability ✓ Fixed

#### Resolution

This has been fixed in [paxosglobal/simple-multisig@`3824608`](https://github.com/paxosglobal/simple-multisig/commit/38246089c550de7b3b330045ba8dc905a1bff5e3).

Comments accompanying the `isOwner` and `ownersArr` state variables indicate
that they're immutable, but in the modified version of the contract, both can
be changed after deployment.

**code/contracts/SimpleMultiSig.sol:L22-L23**

    
    
    mapping (address => bool) isOwner; // immutable state
    address[] public ownersArr;        // immutable state
    

## 3 Findings

Each issue has an assigned severity:

  * Minor issues are subjective in nature. They are typically suggestions around best practices or readability. Code maintainers should use their own judgment as to whether to address such issues.
  * Medium issues are objective in nature but are not security vulnerabilities. These should be addressed unless there is a clear reason not to.
  * Major issues are security vulnerabilities that may not be directly exploitable or may require certain conditions in order to be exploited. All major issues should be addressed.
  * Critical issues are directly exploitable security vulnerabilities that need to be fixed.

### 3.1 Owners can never be removed Critical ✓ Fixed

#### Resolution

This has been fixed in [paxosglobal/simple-multisig#5](https://github.com/paxosglobal/simple-multisig/pull/5), and
appropriate tests have been added.

#### Description

The intention of `setOwners()` is to replace the current set of owners with a
new set of owners. However, the `isOwner` mapping is never updated, which
means any address that was ever considered an owner is permanently considered
an owner for purposes of signing transactions.

#### Recommendation

In `setOwners_()`, before adding new owners, loop through the current set of
owners and clear their `isOwner` booleans, as in the following code:

    
    
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < ownersArr.length; i++) {
       isOwner[ownersArr[i]] = false;
    }
    

## Appendix 1 - Disclosure

ConsenSys Diligence ("CD") typically receives compensation from one or more
clients (the "Clients") for performing the analysis contained in these reports
(the "Reports"). The Reports may be distributed through other means, including
via ConsenSys publications and other distributions.

The Reports are not an endorsement or indictment of any particular project or
team, and the Reports do not guarantee the security of any particular project.
This Report does not consider, and should not be interpreted as considering or
having any bearing on, the potential economics of a token, token sale or any
other product, service or other asset. Cryptographic tokens are emergent
technologies and carry with them high levels of technical risk and
uncertainty. No Report provides any warranty or representation to any Third-Party in any respect, including regarding the bugfree nature of code, the
business model or proprietors of any such business model, and the legal
compliance of any such business. No third party should rely on the Reports in
any way, including for the purpose of making any decisions to buy or sell any
token, product, service or other asset. Specifically, for the avoidance of
doubt, this Report does not constitute investment advice, is not intended to
be relied upon as investment advice, is not an endorsement of this project or
team, and it is not a guarantee as to the absolute security of the project. CD
owes no duty to any Third-Party by virtue of publishing these Reports.

PURPOSE OF REPORTS The Reports and the analysis described therein are created
solely for Clients and published with their consent. The scope of our review
is limited to a review of Solidity code and only the Solidity code we note as
being within the scope of our review within this report. The Solidity language
itself remains under development and is subject to unknown risks and flaws.
The review does not extend to the compiler layer, or any other areas beyond
Solidity that could present security risks. Cryptographic tokens are emergent
technologies and carry with them high levels of technical risk and
uncertainty.

CD makes the Reports available to parties other than the Clients (i.e., "third
parties") - on its website. CD hopes that by making these analyses publicly
available, it can help the blockchain ecosystem develop technical best
practices in this rapidly evolving area of innovation.

LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES FROM THIS WEB SITE You may, through hypertext or
other computer links, gain access to web sites operated by persons other than
ConsenSys and CD. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and
convenience only, and are the exclusive responsibility of such web sites'
owners. You agree that ConsenSys and CD are not responsible for the content or
operation of such Web sites, and that ConsenSys and CD shall have no liability
to you or any other person or entity for the use of third party Web sites.
Except as described below, a hyperlink from this web Site to another web site
does not imply or mean that ConsenSys and CD endorses the content on that Web
site or the operator or operations of that site. You are solely responsible
for determining the extent to which you may use any content at any other web
sites to which you link from the Reports. ConsenSys and CD assumes no
responsibility for the use of third party software on the Web Site and shall
have no liability whatsoever to any person or entity for the accuracy or
completeness of any outcome generated by such software.

TIMELINESS OF CONTENT The content contained in the Reports is current as of
the date appearing on the Report and is subject to change without notice.
Unless indicated otherwise, by ConsenSys and CD.

![](/diligence/images/home/icon-ili-xs.png)

Request a Security Review Today

Get in touch with our team to request a quote for a smart contract audit.

[Contact Us](/diligence/contact/)

![](/diligence/images/home/icon-ili-outline-white.svg)

[Audits](/diligence/audits/ "Audits") [Fuzzing](/diligence/fuzzing/ "Fuzzing")
[Scribble](/diligence/scribble/ "Scribble") [Blog](/diligence/blog/ "Blog")
[Tools](/diligence/tools/ "Tools") [Research](/diligence/research/ "Research")
[About](/diligence/about/ "About") [Contact](/diligence/contact/ "Contact")
[Careers](https://consensys.io/open-roles/?discipline=32525 "Careers")
[Privacy Policy](/diligence/privacy-policy/ "Privacy Policy")

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Stay up-to-date on our latest offerings, tools, and the world of blockchain
security.

[ ![](/diligence/images/home/powered-by.svg) ](https://consensys.io)

