[ ![Consensys Diligence](/diligence/images/logo/logo.svg) ](/diligence "Home")

[Audits](/diligence/audits/ "Audits") [Fuzzing](/diligence/fuzzing/ "Fuzzing")
[Scribble](/diligence/scribble/ "Scribble") [Blog](/diligence/blog/ "Blog")
[Tools](/diligence/tools/ "Tools") [Research](/diligence/research/ "Research")
[About](/diligence/about/ "About") [Contact](/diligence/contact/ "Contact")

# Filecoin Actors

  * 1 Executive Summary
  * 2 Scope
  * 3 Findings
    * 3.1 Priority 1
    * 3.2 Priority 2
    * 3.3 Priority 3
    * 3.4 Other
    * 3.5 Followup Work
  * Appendix 1 - Related Links
  * Appendix 2 - Disclosure

Date | September 2020  
---|---  
Lead Auditor | Alexander Wade  
Co-auditors | Daniel Luca  
Download | [PDF __](/diligence/audits/2020/09/filecoin-actors/filecoin-actors-audit-2020-06.pdf)  
  
## 1 Executive Summary

From June to September 2020, Consensys Diligence engaged with Protocol Labs to
assess the security of Filecoin's builtin Actors: a collection of executable
code that implements the core business logic of Filecoin's blockchain-based
storage network.

We began in June with a 2-week preliminary phase, which we used to get
familiar with Filecoin: reading code and documentation, asking questions, and
collecting notes to prepare for an intensive security assessment. During this
phase, we identified two important foci which carried over into upcoming work:

  * **Coordination** : Filecoin's Actors were under heavy development for the duration of this assessment, as the project was preparing for several milestones: an initial testnet release, an incentivized testnet release (the [Filecoin Space Race](https://spacerace.filecoin.io/)), and an eventual mainnet release. We needed to keep up with the pace of changes, and we needed to ensure the Actors devs were aware of anything that needed their attention. To these ends, we created and shared [Actors' Master Tracking](https://hackmd.io/LOZjAsz-THelSD5lWqSVlw?view) and continued to maintain it for the duration of the engagement.
  * **Documentation** : To review a complex codebase like Filecoin's Actors, we needed to know how it was supposed to work. After finding that existing documentation was either out-of-date or nonexistent, we began documenting system behavior. Documentation was an ongoing effort during this engagement and was tracked in [Master Tracking: Documentation](https://hackmd.io/LOZjAsz-THelSD5lWqSVlw?view#Documentation).

We continued with an intensive 9-week assessment of Actors code, focused
primarily on its role in implementing the core business logic of the Filecoin
storage network. A detailed description of what was and was not reviewed can
be found in Scope.

Our responsibilities were as follows:

  * **Analyze code** : We performed a manual review of Actors code, primarily to identify flaws in the implementation of its business logic. Our secondary focus was to suggest improvements or simplifications that increased the code's robustness, and to raise discussions about the purpose of various implementation details. Any outputs from these foci were immediately communicated via GitHub issue. Actors devs reviewed these outputs, assigning each a label which determined its priority relative to mainnet launch. A complete record of these findings can be found in Findings.
  * **Review incoming changes** : As the Actors code was under heavy development, we attempted to review as many incoming changes as possible. This included a cursory review of most commits and an in-depth review of some pull requests. Where applicable, we also updated our documentation to reflect these changes.
  * **Maintain the Master Tracking Doc** : We updated [Actors' Master Tracking](https://hackmd.io/LOZjAsz-THelSD5lWqSVlw?view) daily to highlight anything that needed attention: open issues, engagement schedule, changes to documentation, and more.
  * **Attend bi-weekly calls with Actors devs** : We attended bi-weekly calls with Actors devs to understand what was being worked on, ask questions, and communicate any blockers.

Our work concluded on September 11, 2020, with the creation of this report.

**Update (Oct 16, 2020):** We engaged with Protocol Labs for an additional two
weeks, from Oct 5 to Oct 16, 2020. Our objectives for this period were to
review changes made since September 11, update the status of any previously-filed issues, and investigate additional components of Actors code.

## 2 Scope

This assessment's primary focus was to review that code in the [filecoin-project/specs-actors](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors)
repository most pertinent to the function of Filecoin's builtin Actors. The
review was centered on Go files (`*.go`) within the
[`/actors`](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/tree/c9027ee0393a0b76c3185f99f61a506f09e1a5cf/actors) directory.

Of these files, this assessment was **not** concerned with:

  * Any non-Go files, such as [`reward_calc.py`](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/blob/c9027ee0393a0b76c3185f99f61a506f09e1a5cf/actors/builtin/reward/reward_calc.py)
  * Test files (`*_test.go`) outside the [`/actors/builtin`](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/tree/c9027ee0393a0b76c3185f99f61a506f09e1a5cf/actors/builtin) directory
  * CBOR-Gen (`cbor_gen.go`) files anywhere in the specs-actors repository

Of these files, this assessment was **less** concerned with:

  * Files outside the [`/actors/builtin`](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/tree/master/actors/builtin) directory

Additionally, the following was **out of scope** :

  * Implementation of and usage of dependencies, including (but not limited to): 
    * `filecoin-project/go-address`
    * `filecoin-project/go-amt-ipld`
    * `ipfs/go-hamt-ipld`
    * `filecoin-project/go-bitfield`
    * `ipfs/go-cid`
    * `ipfs/go-ipld-cbor`
    * `minio/blake2b-simd`
    * `minio/sha256-simd`
    * `multiformats/go-multihash`
    * `whyrusleeping/cbor-gen`
  * The Lotus client, including (but not limited to): 
    * Implementation of runtime interface exposed to builtin actors
    * Storage Power Consensus implementation
    * Block/Epoch/Tipset processing
    * Message/signature verification
    * Networking components
    * PoRep / PoSt
    * Filecoin Gas mechanism
  * Correctness of cryptoeconomic incentives and supporting implementation: 
    * Parameters used for monetary policy, incentives, penalties, power accounting
    * Block/Epoch reward calculation and smoothing

## 3 Findings

As we uncovered vulnerabilities and came up with potential improvements and
simplifications, we opened [issues in the filecoin-project/specs-actors](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AwadeAlexC+) repository. After reviewing
our findings, Actors devs assigned each a relative priority:

  * **Priority 1 (P1)** : Required for mainnet. Reserved for vulnerabilities or otherwise significant changes to implementation.
  * **Priority 2 (P2)** : Beneficial for network launch. Reserved for minor vulnerabilities or changes that would improve code quality or robustness but do not represent a pressing need.
  * **Priority 3 (P3)** : Not urgent or important.

All issues we opened are listed below, grouped by this relative priority. Note
that the status of these issues represents the status at the time of report
creation. Up-to-date status and information on all mentioned issues can be
found by following the provided links.

**Update (Oct 16, 2020):** Our followup engagement took place during
Filecoin's transition from testnet to mainnet. Because the priority levels
described above only make sense in a pre-mainnet context, any issues opened
during this period are included under Followup Work. Information on further
work performed on these issues can be found by following the provided links.

### 3.1 Priority 1

specs-actors Issue | Status | Title  
---|---|---  
[#587](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/587) | Closed
in [#588](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/588) |
Multisig: Comparison between different Address types.  
[#602](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/602) | Closed
in [#718](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/718) | Market:
withdraw allows anyone to trigger withdrawals  
[#606](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/606) | Closed
in [#620](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/620) | Market:
Deal States update not persisted in CronTick  
[#612](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/612) | Closed
in [#646](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/646) |
PaymentChannel: vouchers can be replayed across channels  
[#643](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/643) | Closed
in [#644](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/644) | Market:
CronTick doesnâ€™t persist Proposal deletion from st.PendingProposals  
[#660](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/660) | Closed
in [#778](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/778) |
PaymentChannel: Reject equal-nonce voucher submissions  
[#692](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/692) | Closed
in [#791](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/791) |
StoragePower: OnConsensusFault incorrectly zeroes out miner power  
[#733](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/733) | Closed
in [#790](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/790) |
PayCh.Collect: Clarify whether Collect implies the channel should be
terminated  
[#753](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/753) | Closed
in [#789](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/789) | Miner:
Incorrect bounds on SubmitWindowedPoSt params.Deadline  
[#755](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/755) | Closed
in [#760](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/760) |
Market.PublishStorageDeals: Validate each deal's PieceSize  
[#765](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/765) | Closed
in [#775](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/775) | Market
State.dealGetPaymentRemaining: Bad assertion allows for panic  
[#766](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/766) | Closed
in [#775](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/775) |
Market.CronTick: Branching statements imply potential abort  
[#767](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/767) | Closed
in [#775](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/775) |
Market.CronTick: Remove RequireSuccess for interaction with VerifiedRegistry
and BurntFundsActor  
[#797](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/797) | Closed
in [#890](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/890) |
Reward.AwardBlockReward: Miner may be able to cause abort during block
processing  
[#909](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/909) | Closed
in [#1073](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1073) |
Power: Process batch proof verifications before deferred cron events  
[#982](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/982) | Closed
in [#1050](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1050) |
Miner: Remove ChangeWorkerAddress reliance on cron  
[#1008](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1008) | Closed
in [#1089](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1089) |
Miner: Verify that duplicate submissions of consensus faults are not processed  
[#1056](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1056) | Closed
in [#1092](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1092) |
Power: Explicitly delete miner claim on failing cron callback  
[#1100](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1100) | Closed
in [#1129](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1129) |
Miner: Declaring a replaced CC sector faulty can result in a sector existing
in an expiration queue twice  
  
### 3.2 Priority 2

specs-actors Issue | Status | Title | Comment  
---|---|---|---  
[#751](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/751) | Open |
Simplify cron queue handling in power and market actors | [From
@anorth](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/751#issuecomment-708286982): "We've determined that this isn't
high importance for network launch. It's a good simplification, but not
trivial to ensure correctness. The current implementation has the benefit of
having been run in testnets for quite some time."  
[#931](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/931) | Open |
Miner: ExtendSectorExpiration doesn't correctly check AddressedPartitionsMax |
[From @anorth](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/931#issuecomment-708293324): "We've determined this isn't high
importance for network launch. The check as implemented is more conservative
than we would like to allow. This is inconvenient for miners, but I don't
think poses a risk."  
[#979](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/979) | Open |
Where applicable, enforce uniqueness when handling slices | [From
@anorth](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/979#issuecomment-708295468): "We've determined this isn't a
critical change needed for network launch. As we approach that point, adding
more constraints on the node implementations adds risk there. It is still
something I'd like to follow up with later just to reduce degrees of freedom."  
[#981](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/981) | Open |
Miner/Market: Clean up deal weight calculation during precommit | [From
@anorth](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/981#issuecomment-708295965): "We've determined that this isn't
high importance for network launch. It's a nice clean-up that we'll implement
in a discretionary upgrade later."  
[#1006](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1006) | Open |
Miner: Cleanup accounting methods | [From
@anorth](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1006#issuecomment-708297489): "We have determined that these are
not critical changes for network launch. They represent a solid clean-up and
simplification, but as we approach mainnet, changing introduces new risk. I
hope to land these in a subsequent discretionary upgrade."  
[#1020](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1020) | Open |
Miner: VerifyPledgeRequirementsAndRepayDebts should return balance available
after paying debt | [From @anorth](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1020#issuecomment-708297744): "We have determined that these are
not critical changes for network launch. They represent a solid clean-up and
simplification, but as we approach mainnet, changing introduces new risk. I
hope to land these in a subsequent discretionary upgrade."  
[#1060](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1060) | Open |
Add log messages for significant events | [From
@anorth](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1060#issuecomment-708298156): "We've determined this is not
critical for network launch. It will greatly aid troubleshooting, but does not
itself resolve or reduce any specific risk."  
[#608](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/608) | Closed
in [#647](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/647) | Market:
ComputeDataCommitment loads identical AMT for each passed-in DealID |  
[#609](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/609) | Closed
in [#647](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/647) | Market:
CronTick loads identical AMT for each processed deal |  
[#697](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/697) | Closed
in [#862](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/862) | Check
if provided param.Penalty is greater or equal to zero |  
[#722](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/722) | Closed
in [#758](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/758) |
Verifreg: Disallow RootKey from assuming other roles |  
[#724](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/724) | Closed
in [#758](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/758) |
Verifreg.AddVerifier: params.Allowance should be greater than or equal to
MinVerifiedDealSize |  
[#725](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/725) | Closed
in [#758](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/758) |
Verifreg.AddVerifiedClient: Existing Verifiers should not be able to become
VerifiedClients |  
[#726](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/726) | Closed
in [#758](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/758) |
Verifreg.AddVerifiedClient: Misleading parameter "MinVerifiedDealSize" |  
[#728](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/728) | Closed
in [#758](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/758) |
Verifreg.UseBytes: Consider never deleting a VerifiedClient entry |  
[#729](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/729) | Closed
in [#939](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/939) |
Verifreg: All methods should resolve addresses to ID-addresses before
interacting with state |  
[#730](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/730) | Closed
in [#912](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/912) |
Multisig, verifreg, paych actors create accounts that don't already exist |  
[#752](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/752) | Closed
in [#808](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/808) | Miner:
Duplicate invocations of notifyPledgeChanged in processEarlyTerminations |  
[#771](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/771) | Closed
in [#775](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/775) |
Market.AddBalance creates balance table entries when provided 0 value |  
[#795](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/795) | Closed
in [#919](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/919) | Miner:
Sector activation at ProveCommit may allow proving expired/expiring sectors,
leading to panic during cron tick |  
[#798](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/798) | Closed
in [#820](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/820) |
Miner.PreCommitSector: Conflicting MaxSectorNumber checks |  
[#802](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/802) | Closed
in [#902](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/902) |
Miner.ChangeWorkerAddress: handle if pending change already exists |  
[#806](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/806) | Closed
in [#1050](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1050) | Limit
Miner.ChangeWorkerAddress to avoid cron event queue load |  
[#945](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/945) | Closed
in [#984](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/984) | Miner:
Limit max number of partitions per deadline |  
[#977](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/977) | Closed
in [#998](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/998) | Miner:
Limit size of ControlAddresses slice |  
[#983](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/983) | Closed
in [#1009](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1009) |
Miner: reduce operations performed in handleProvingDeadline where possible |  
[#1003](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1003) | Closed
in [#1004](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1004) |
Miner.PenalizeFundsInPriorityOrder: account for fromVesting greater than
target |  
[#1007](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1007) | Closed
in [#1004](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1004) |
Miner: Treat initial pledge like precommit deposits |  
[#1040](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1040) | Closed
in [#1042](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1042) |
Miner: explicitly specify whether or not faults were added in
RecordSkippedFaults |  
[#1064](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1064) | Closed
in [#1140](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1140) |
Miner: Check ExpirationSet invariants |  
[#1068](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1068) | Closed
in [#1159](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1159) |
Miner: Check Partition invariants |  
[#1070](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1070) | Closed
in [#1158](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/1158) |
Miner: Check Deadline invariants |  
  
### 3.3 Priority 3

specs-actors Issue | Status | Title | Comment  
---|---|---|---  
[#474](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/474) | Open |
ConfirmSectorProofsValid: batch VerifyDealsOnSectorProveCommit | Originally
opened as [#904](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/904)  
[#667](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/667) | Open |
StorageMarket: Refund clients remaining balance since sector became faulty on
termination | Originally opened as [#694](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/694)  
[#696](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/696) | Open |
Reward: Initialize `penalty` directly with the min value |  
[#721](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/721) | Open |
Recommendation: Standardize power/market cron method names |  
[#732](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/732) | Open |
PaymentChannel.Collect: Switch to "pull" payment pattern rather than "push"
payments |  
[#799](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/799) | Open |
Power.OnEpochTickEnd: preempt Miner queries to Power and Reward |  
[#807](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/807) | Open |
Miner.Constructor: Additional input validation |  
[#905](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/905) | Open |
Miner: Simplify sector number allocation during precommit |  
[#913](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/913) | Open |
Miner: Drop precommits from prove commit set if power/pledge/reward values
aren't sane |  
[#980](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/980) | Open |
Power.CreateMiner does not allow caller to initialize Miner's ControlAddresses
|  
[#1002](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1002) | Open |
Miner: Unlock vested funds in SubmitWindowedPoSt |  
[#607](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/607) | Closed
in [#639](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/639) | Market:
ComputeDataCommitment should use ReadOnly, rather than Transaction |  
[#653](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/653) | Closed
in [#830](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/pull/830) |
StoragePower: Incorrect assignment to Cid fields during construction |  
  
### 3.4 Other

These issues were not assigned a priority level for various reasons. For
further details, see the provided issue link.

specs-actors Issue | Status | Title | Comment  
---|---|---|---  
[#1090](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1090) | Open |
Reward: Check miner code CID |  
[#1144](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1144) | Open |
Market.PublishStorageDeals griefing vector | Known issue  
[#727](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/727) | Closed |
Verifreg.UseBytes: `newVcCap` is permanently lost if it's smaller than
`MinVerifiedDealSize` |  
[#764](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/764) | Closed |
Power.OnConsensusFault: Assert `pledgeAmount` is non-negative | Method
deprecated  
[#801](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/801) | Closed |
Miner.ReportConsensusFault: possible incorrect constraints on faultAge | Non-issue  
[#803](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/803) | Closed |
Miner control functions should abort on no-op |  
[#804](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/804) | Closed |
Miner control functions should abort for empty params |  
[#805](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/805) | Closed |
Miner: NewDeadlineInfo may calculate negative Challenge and FaultCutoff epochs
during first ~70 epochs |  
[#903](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/903) | Closed |
Miner: Remove references to variable seal proof types |  
[#918](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/918) | Closed |
Miner: bubble up error in processEarlyTerminations |  
[#955](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/955) | Closed |
Miner: Remove state.Transaction where not needed | Non-issue  
[#978](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/978) | Closed |
Miner: Correct for potential overflow when iterating over multiaddresses |
Non-issue  
  
### 3.5 Followup Work

specs-actors Issue | Status | Title  
---|---|---  
[#1233](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1233) | Open |
Miner.Partition: Check sector existence on expiry and termination  
[#1234](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1234) | Open |
Miner.handleProvingDeadline: Check that method is being run at the correct
time  
[#1235](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1235) | Open |
Miner.ExpirationQueue: Additional invariants  
[#1236](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1236) | Open |
Miner.ExpirationQueue: Enforce methods are passed unique sets of sectors  
[#1246](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1246) | Open |
Multisig: Allow proposals of batches of calls to enable complex actions  
[#1250](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1250) | Open |
Miner Policy: Correct truncating division  
[#1253](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/issues/1253) | Open |
Miner: Add balance invariant checks to cron methods  
  
## Appendix 1 - Related Links

The [Master Tracking Doc](https://hackmd.io/LOZjAsz-THelSD5lWqSVlw) was used
to coordinate efforts between Consensys Diligence and Actors devs. It was
shared with Actors devs in the first few weeks of the engagement, and was
maintained by Diligence throughout. This document contains:

  * [Open Items](https://hackmd.io/LOZjAsz-THelSD5lWqSVlw#Open-Items-Needs-Action): Bugs, recommendations, discussion items, and other relevant outputs were filed and tracked here.
  * [Schedule](https://hackmd.io/LOZjAsz-THelSD5lWqSVlw#Schedule): Lists the primary and secondary objectives for each week of the engagement.
  * [Documentation](https://hackmd.io/LOZjAsz-THelSD5lWqSVlw#Documentation): References the documentation we produced for each Actor in order to aid our review.
  * [Addressed](https://hackmd.io/LOZjAsz-THelSD5lWqSVlw#Addressed-No-Action-Required): After addressing Open Items, issues were moved here.

## Appendix 2 - Disclosure

ConsenSys Diligence ("CD") typically receives compensation from one or more
clients (the "Clients") for performing the analysis contained in these reports
(the "Reports"). The Reports may be distributed through other means, including
via ConsenSys publications and other distributions.

The Reports are not an endorsement or indictment of any particular project or
team, and the Reports do not guarantee the security of any particular project.
This Report does not consider, and should not be interpreted as considering or
having any bearing on, the potential economics of a token, token sale or any
other product, service or other asset. Cryptographic tokens are emergent
technologies and carry with them high levels of technical risk and
uncertainty. No Report provides any warranty or representation to any Third-Party in any respect, including regarding the bugfree nature of code, the
business model or proprietors of any such business model, and the legal
compliance of any such business. No third party should rely on the Reports in
any way, including for the purpose of making any decisions to buy or sell any
token, product, service or other asset. Specifically, for the avoidance of
doubt, this Report does not constitute investment advice, is not intended to
be relied upon as investment advice, is not an endorsement of this project or
team, and it is not a guarantee as to the absolute security of the project. CD
owes no duty to any Third-Party by virtue of publishing these Reports.

PURPOSE OF REPORTS The Reports and the analysis described therein are created
solely for Clients and published with their consent. The scope of our review
is limited to a review of Solidity code and only the Solidity code we note as
being within the scope of our review within this report. The Solidity language
itself remains under development and is subject to unknown risks and flaws.
The review does not extend to the compiler layer, or any other areas beyond
Solidity that could present security risks. Cryptographic tokens are emergent
technologies and carry with them high levels of technical risk and
uncertainty.

CD makes the Reports available to parties other than the Clients (i.e., "third
parties") - on its website. CD hopes that by making these analyses publicly
available, it can help the blockchain ecosystem develop technical best
practices in this rapidly evolving area of innovation.

LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES FROM THIS WEB SITE You may, through hypertext or
other computer links, gain access to web sites operated by persons other than
ConsenSys and CD. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and
convenience only, and are the exclusive responsibility of such web sites'
owners. You agree that ConsenSys and CD are not responsible for the content or
operation of such Web sites, and that ConsenSys and CD shall have no liability
to you or any other person or entity for the use of third party Web sites.
Except as described below, a hyperlink from this web Site to another web site
does not imply or mean that ConsenSys and CD endorses the content on that Web
site or the operator or operations of that site. You are solely responsible
for determining the extent to which you may use any content at any other web
sites to which you link from the Reports. ConsenSys and CD assumes no
responsibility for the use of third party software on the Web Site and shall
have no liability whatsoever to any person or entity for the accuracy or
completeness of any outcome generated by such software.

TIMELINESS OF CONTENT The content contained in the Reports is current as of
the date appearing on the Report and is subject to change without notice.
Unless indicated otherwise, by ConsenSys and CD.

![](/diligence/images/home/icon-ili-xs.png)

Request a Security Review Today

Get in touch with our team to request a quote for a smart contract audit.

[Contact Us](/diligence/contact/)

![](/diligence/images/home/icon-ili-outline-white.svg)

[Audits](/diligence/audits/ "Audits") [Fuzzing](/diligence/fuzzing/ "Fuzzing")
[Scribble](/diligence/scribble/ "Scribble") [Blog](/diligence/blog/ "Blog")
[Tools](/diligence/tools/ "Tools") [Research](/diligence/research/ "Research")
[About](/diligence/about/ "About") [Contact](/diligence/contact/ "Contact")
[Careers](https://consensys.io/open-roles/?discipline=32525 "Careers")
[Privacy Policy](/diligence/privacy-policy/ "Privacy Policy")

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Stay up-to-date on our latest offerings, tools, and the world of blockchain
security.

[ ![](/diligence/images/home/powered-by.svg) ](https://consensys.io)

