[ ![Consensys Diligence](/diligence/images/logo/logo.svg) ](/diligence "Home")

[Audits](/diligence/audits/ "Audits") [Fuzzing](/diligence/fuzzing/ "Fuzzing")
[Scribble](/diligence/scribble/ "Scribble") [Blog](/diligence/blog/ "Blog")
[Tools](/diligence/tools/ "Tools") [Research](/diligence/research/ "Research")
[About](/diligence/about/ "About") [Contact](/diligence/contact/ "Contact")

# Socket

  * 1 Executive Summary
  * 2 Scope
    * 2.1 Objectives
  * 3 Recommendations
    * 3.1 Consider Adding a Task to CI/CD to Verify That Future Delegatee Contracts Are Safe
    * 3.2 Consider Using a Package Manager Instead of Vendor Code
    * 3.3 Consider Adding Non-Reentrant Modifiers to State-Changing Functions in `SocketGateway`
    * 3.4 Use the Same Solidity Version Across Contracts
    * 3.5 Gas Optimizations
    * 3.6 Duplicated Code
  * 4 System Overview
    * 4.1 SocketGateway
    * 4.2 SocketDeployFactory
    * 4.3 BridgeImplBase & SwapImplBase
    * 4.4 BaseController
    * 4.5 ***StorageWrapper
    * 4.6 Integrated Solution (1inch, Celer, Stargate etc.)
  * 5 Security Specification
    * 5.1 Actors
    * 5.2 Trust Model
    * 5.3 Security Properties
  * 6 Findings
    * 6.1 Funds Refunded From Celer Bridge Might Be Stolen Major
    * 6.2 Calls Made to Non-Existent/Removed Routes or Controllers Will Not Result in Failure Major
    * 6.3 Owner Can Add Arbitrary Code to Be Executed From the SocketGateway Contract Medium
    * 6.4 Dependency on Third-Party APIs to Create the Right Payload Medium
    * 6.5 `NativeOptimismImpl` \- Events Will Not Be Emitted in Case of Non-Native Tokens Bridging Medium
    * 6.6 Inconsistent Comments Minor
    * 6.7 Ether Might Be Sent to Routes by Mistake, and Can Be Stolen Minor
    * 6.8 No Event Is Emitted When Invoking a Route Through the `socketGateway` Fallback Function Minor
    * 6.9 Unused Error Codes. Minor
    * 6.10 Inaccurate Interface. Minor
    * 6.11 Validate Array Length Matching Before Execution to Avoid Reverts Minor
    * 6.12 Destroyed Routes Eth Balances Will Be Left Locked in `SocketDeployFactory` Minor
    * 6.13 Possible Double Spends of `msg.value` in Code Paths That Include More Than One `Delegatecall` Minor
  * Appendix 1 - Files in Scope
  * Appendix 2 - Disclosure

Date | February 2023  
---|---  
Auditors | David Oz, George Kobakhidze  
Download | [PDF __](/diligence/audits/2023/02/socket/socket-audit-2023-02.pdf)  
  
## 1 Executive Summary

This report presents the results of our engagement with **Socket.tech** to
review the smart contracts component of the system.

The review was conducted over three weeks, from **February 13th, 2023** to
**March, 3rd 2023** , by **David Oz** and **George Kobakhidze**. A total of 30
person-days were spent.

The assessment was focused on the core parts of the Socket system, including
its SocketGateway, Routes, and Controllers architecture. While Socket aims to
aggregate a multitude of bridges and decentralized exchanges, this audit
focused only on a few specific integrations - Celer bridge, Stargate bridge,
and 1inch DEX.

The initial commit hash was `a8d0ad1c280a699d88dc280d9648eacaf215fb41`, which
was then switched to `d0841a3e96b54a9d837d2dba471aa0946c3c8e7b` after three
days.

## 2 Scope

Our review focused on the commit hash
`d0841a3e96b54a9d837d2dba471aa0946c3c8e7b`. The list of files in scope can be
found in the Appendix.

### 2.1 Objectives

Together with the **Socket.tech** team, we identified the following priorities
for our review:

  1. Assess if the system is implemented consistently with the intended functionality, and without unintended edge cases, such as:

  * The system is modular and flexible enough to add new integrations and controllers.
  * The system is resilient against users giving infinite approvals.
  * Route id based verifiability of calldata on integratorsâ€™ end.
  * Only privileged role holders can add new and pause existing routes.
  * Only intended addresses should receive swapped or bridged funds.

  2. Identify known vulnerabilities particular to smart contract systems, as outlined in our [Smart Contract Best Practices](https://consensys.github.io/smart-contract-best-practices/), and the [Smart Contract Weakness Classification Registry](https://swcregistry.io/).

## 3 Recommendations

### 3.1 Consider Adding a Task to CI/CD to Verify That Future Delegatee
Contracts Are Safe

#### Description

The system is based on delegating calls to routes and controllers. delegatee
contracts should not write to storage, self-destruct, or delegate-call to
unknown contracts. In addition, caution is needed when using `msg.value` as
mentioned in issue 6.13. We were not able to find any concrete instances of
the described issue, however, we do see how these pitfalls may become an issue
in future delegatee contracts.

#### Recommendation

Consider using a package like <https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-upgrades> or an equivalent.

### 3.2 Consider Using a Package Manager Instead of Vendor Code

#### Description

When you vendor a library, you essentially copy the library code into your
project's codebase, which can lead to problems with version control and code
management. If the vendor library code changes, you'll need to manually update
the code in your project, which can be time-consuming and error-prone.
Additionally, if the vendor library has any security vulnerabilities, copying
the code into your project can make it more difficult to address those
vulnerabilities. Instead, it's generally better to use the Solidity package
manager, which allows you to import libraries into your project without
copying their code. This way, you can easily update the library code, and any
security vulnerabilities can be addressed centrally.

Errors that arise when copying interfaces can have far-reaching consequences,
particularly when it comes to functions that are mislabeled as view or pure in
the interface but are actually state-changing functions. If such functions are
called they have the potential to cause an entire transaction to revert,
leading to a potential denial of service.

#### Examples

**src/libraries/LibBytes.sol:L4**

    
    
    library LibBytes {
    

**src/libraries/Pb.sol:L6**

    
    
    library Pb {
    

### 3.3 Consider Adding Non-Reentrant Modifiers to State-Changing Functions in
`SocketGateway`

#### Description

`SocketGateway` is the main contract for user interaction in the system. The
contract is designed to be used by multiple users where the main flow is that
a user is depositing funds to the contract and chooses how these funds should
be used by external contracts. Currently, we were not able to find any
concrete issues that are caused by reentrancies, however, given the fact that
the system is planned to be expanded by the use of delegatecalls, it is
recommended to add `nonReentrant` modifiers to state changing functions inside
`SocketGateway`.

### 3.4 Use the Same Solidity Version Across Contracts

#### Description

Most contracts use the same range for Solidity versions with `pragma solidity
^0.8.4`. There are also many that use `pragma solidity >=0.8.0`.

#### Recommendation

Lock in a specific version of solidity or at least pick a consistent range.
This would help avoid any issues and inconsistencies that may arise in
deploying the various smart contracts across different Solidity versions.

### 3.5 Gas Optimizations

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#154](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/154).

#### Description

The client mentioned that gas was important. Optimizing for gas should
**never** come at the cost of security. However, we noticed a few
optimizations that could be made.

#### Examples

`socketGateway` can be replaced with `address(this)`

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol:L320**

    
    
    tokenInstance.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, socketGateway, amount);
    

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol:L412**

    
    
    uint256 _initialBalanceTokenOut = socketGateway.balance;
    

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol:L417**

    
    
    if (request.receiver != socketGateway) {
    

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol:L430**

    
    
    if (socketGateway.balance > _initialBalanceTokenOut) {
    

As discussed with the client, resetting the approval to zero after the swap is
implemented to prevent a future USDT approval from reverting in case the
previous swap didn't consume the entire allowance (as the USDT contract
requires resetting the allowance to zero, before changing it). However, this
should not happen in a system that behaves properly. To save gas, we recommend
removing this check and implementing a gateway function that allows setting a
token allowance to zero. Note that this function does not need to be
protected, as it only allows setting the gateway token allowance to zero.

**src/swap/oneinch/OneInchImpl.sol:L64**

    
    
    token.safeApprove(ONEINCH_AGGREGATOR, 0);
    

**src/swap/oneinch/OneInchImpl.sol:L123**

    
    
    token.safeApprove(ONEINCH_AGGREGATOR, 0);
    

### 3.6 Duplicated Code

#### Description

Duplicate code, or code that is copied and pasted multiple times within a
project or across projects, is generally not a good practice in software
development. It can lead to several issues, including increased maintenance
costs, decreased code readability, and a higher likelihood of introducing bugs
into the codebase. When code is duplicated, any changes that need to be made
must be replicated across all instances of the code, which can be time-consuming and error-prone. Additionally, duplicated code can make it harder to
understand the overall structure of the codebase, as well as make it more
difficult to identify and fix issues when they arise.

#### Examples

  * `FeesTakerController` \- functions in this contract share similar logic that can be de-duplicated.
  * `OneInchImpl` \- functions in this contract share similar logic that can be de-duplicated.
  * `CelerImpl`\- functions in this contract share similar logic that can be de-duplicated.
  * `Stargate L1`, `Stargate L2` \- the contracts themselves are pretty similar.
  * `SwapImplBase`, `BridgeImplBase` \- the contracts themselves are pretty similar.

#### Recommendation

To mitigate these problems, it's often better to refactor duplicated code into
reusable functions or classes or to find other ways to modularize the code and
reduce redundancy. By doing so, code can be more easily maintained, tested,
and extended over time, leading to a more robust and reliable software
application.

## 4 System Overview

The Socket system of contracts aims to provide its users with an easy means to
access a multitude of common and relatively interchangeable solutions, such as
bridges and swaps. Essentially, the system aggregates access to different
systems to just the one `SocketGateway` contract that performs `delegatecall`
transactions into `routes`, implementation contracts that hold logic necessary
to interact with integrated solutions. This is done by managing contract
addresses as routes in the registry maintained in the `SocketGateway` that is
able to easily (although with `Owner` administrative power only) add and
disable them but never change an existing one. Hence, the name of the system -Socket. The Socket team can create and remove routes but can't change the
logic within already registered ones.

The contracts are written with a high emphasis on immutability and gas
efficiency, trying to minimize state variables and changes to them as much as
possible. Even the deployment of future integrations is designed to be more
gas efficient by pre-populating addresses of implementation contracts that can
be derived through the `CREATE2` opcode in the `SocketDeployFactory`, as
described more below.

As users interact with the system, they should take note of what routes, and
therefore the associated bridge or swap solutions, they will be interacting
with. The Socket system adds a helpful aggregated wrapper around these
destinations, but it does not improve upon their own security. In fact, since
the route IDs will always refer to the same address they were assigned to, and
the contracts at these addresses have either the same logic as they did in the
beginning or are disabled, users and systems integrating Socket could come up
with a whitelist of route IDs to ensure they always go through those solutions
that they deem to be trusted.

Below you may find an overview diagram of the system's scope for this audit
and small descriptions of major components:

### 4.1 SocketGateway

This is the entry point into the whole Socket system. Both users and Socket
team via the `SocketGateway`'s `Owner` will call into this contract to
interact with this system. It contains the registry of all route IDs and their
associated implementation contracts.

### 4.2 SocketDeployFactory

In order to be more efficient, the Socket team decided to pre-populate 512
route ID addresses by calculating them via the `CREATE2` opcode. This
deployment pattern is done through the `SocketDeployFactory`, that is also
able to destroy and disable existing routes.

### 4.3 BridgeImplBase & SwapImplBase

The two common types of routes, `BridgeImplBase` and `SwapImplBase` are base
contracts that implement default functionality for routes, such as
`isSocketGatewayOwner` modifiers, token rescue functions, and virtual use-case-specific functions to be re-implemented for bridge and swap routes.

### 4.4 BaseController

This is the base contract that implements basic functionality required for the
controllers. Unlike routes that lead into bridges and swap solutions,
controllers may have more complex logic, such as minimal refueling of native
tokens for the recipient address and implementing extra fees.

### 4.5 ***StorageWrapper

Some specific cases, like the Celer bridge, require storage of additional
variables. Since routes and controllers don't have storage that is used by the
`SocketGateway` due to the usage of `delegatecall`, additional storage wrapper
contracts need to be deployed to keep track of extra varaibles.

### 4.6 Integrated Solution (1inch, Celer, Stargate etc.)

These are the downstream solutions that are aggregated by Socket and perform
the requested task for the users, such as swaps and bridge transfers.

[![](./socket_arch.svg)](./socket_arch.svg)

## 5 Security Specification

This section describes, **from a security perspective** , the expected
behavior of the system under audit. It is not a substitute for documentation.
The purpose of this section is to identify specific security properties that
were validated by the audit team.

The primary security concept for the Socket system is that it is an aggregator
contract. Socket provides a way for users to interact with many other
solutions, but, in its current form, it does not provide any additional
security guarantees for the systems it integrates. The security is wholly
inherited for bridge transfers and swaps that it performs as the data payloads
that users provide are simply passed through to the downstream solutions.

The Socket system itself does have an emphasis on the immutability of the
contracts it deploys, however. The contract addresses inserted in its registry
can be, at most, disabled, but they can't have their logic be changed to
something else. There are a few admin-controlled functions which are mostly
isolated to adding new routes and controllers, but there are exceptions where
`SocketGateway` `Owner` addresses may have privileged access into the control
and data flow of route logic, like the case with the Celer bridge. In the
current scope this access is limited to refund and failure recovery cases.

### 5.1 Actors

The relevant actors are listed below:

  * The Socket team
  * The integrated systems
  * End users & integrating systems

### 5.2 Trust Model

In any system, it's important to identify what trust is expected/required
between various actors. For this audit, we established the following trust
model:

#### Socket team:

In the current system, the Socket team is responsible for several critical
components to ensure the system's correct behavior.

First, the team quite simply has administrative abilities over the
`SocketGateway` and its routes via the `onlyOwner` modifier. These include
management functions like `addRoute`, `addController`, `disableRoute`, and
`disableController`, as well as the ability to pull out stuck tokens from the
contracts via `rescueEther` and `rescueFunds`. As referred to in one of the
filed issues, the ability to add arbitrary logic via `addRoute` and
`addController` that will execute via `delegatecall` from `SocketGateway` as
`msg.sender` may create edge cases where the `Owner` address can actually have
access to user funds and can steal them, like the case with the Celer bridge
refunds.

Second, the Socket team also provides and connects to APIs that compile the
payloads necessary for correct route execution. These payloads are encoded
(although sometimes in a simple manner) as determined by the route's
integrated system and are not always easy for users to understand nor
necessarily checked against other user-provided inputs, such as swap amounts.
This, however, can be dealt with by more advanced users by compiling the
necessary payloads themselves, although it is unlikely to be the common use
case

As a result, the Socket team itself is trusted to at least set up the
appropriate routes and not have its privileged access compromised in certain
edge cases for the system to function correctly.

#### Integrated systems:

The systems that Socket routes to likewise play a crucial role since they are
what is being aggregated. They are trusted to continue operating as assumed by
their specifications (such as implementing swaps and bridge transfers
correctly) and to treat the Socket system as any other smart contract using
these solutions. As a result, their security assumptions are inherited in the
Socket system as well.

#### End users

Finally, the end users are the actors that make the system go. They provide
the funds that go through the system and hop between different routes. Due to
the nature of the solutions that Socket integrates, the end users'
interactions with the gateway start and end with a single transaction in the
vast majority of the cases, the exceptions being cases like refund scenarios
with specific bridges. As a result, the users need not act in any specific way
or perform any duties beyond their initial transactions. Similarly, other
systems can act as end users themselves and use and integrate the Socket
system into their processes. In fact, due to the nature of the Socket route
and controller IDs, these systems can assess and compile whitelists of IDs to
ensure that only certain DEXs/bridges/logic are executed through this system,
so there is some granularity as to how the Socket system can be integrated.

### 5.3 Security Properties

The following is a non-exhaustive list of security properties that were
assessed in this audit:

#### System immutability

The routes and controllers that are maintained in the `SocketGateway` registry
can be disabled but are immutable otherwise. No new code can be added in their
place, with the exception being a revert-only option.

#### Contract balances non-increasing

The `SocketGateway` and its associated routes and controllers are not meant to
hold any tokens by design. This, however, can sometimes fail due to refund
mechanisms of specific bridges as well as due to incorrectly submitted
payloads for swap routes. The system will not benefit or interact with stuck
tokens in any way, and there are rescue `onlyOwner` functions that could help
retrieve the tokens. Nonetheless, there are cases when these stuck tokens,
particularly native chain tokens, could actually be stolen by malicious
actors, as referred to in a few filed issues. It is recommended to pay close
attention to token balances on the gateway and rescue them swiftly.

## 6 Findings

Each issue has an assigned severity:

  * Minor issues are subjective in nature. They are typically suggestions around best practices or readability. Code maintainers should use their own judgment as to whether to address such issues.
  * Medium issues are objective in nature but are not security vulnerabilities. These should be addressed unless there is a clear reason not to.
  * Major issues are security vulnerabilities that may not be directly exploitable or may require certain conditions in order to be exploited. All major issues should be addressed.
  * Critical issues are directly exploitable security vulnerabilities that need to be fixed.

### 6.1 Funds Refunded From Celer Bridge Might Be Stolen Major

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#144](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/144)
by adding checks to see if the refund is received and equal to the expected
amount.

#### Description

The function `refundCelerUser` from `CelerImpl.sol` allows a user that
deposited into the Celer pool on the source chain, to be refunded for tokens
that were not bridged to the destination chain. The tokens are reimbursed to
the user by calling the `withdraw` method on the Celer pool. This is what the
`refundCelerUser` function is doing.

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol:L413-L415**

    
    
    if (!router.withdraws(transferId)) {
        router.withdraw(_request, _sigs, _signers, _powers);
    }
    

From the point of view of the Celer bridge, the initial depositor of the
tokens is the `SocketGateway`. As a consequence, the Celer contract transfers
the tokens to be refunded to the gateway. The gateway is then in charge of
forwarding the tokens to the initial depositor. To achieve this, it keeps a
mapping of unique transfer IDs to depositor addresses. Once a refund is
processed, the corresponding address in the mapping is reset to the zero
address.

Looking at the `withdraw` function of the Celer pool, we see that for some
tokens, it is possible that the reimbursement will not be processed directly,
but only after some delay. From the gateway point of view, the reimbursement
will be marked as successful, and the address of the original sender
corresponding to this transfer ID will be reset to address(0).

    
    
    if (delayThreshold > 0 && wdmsg.amount > delayThreshold) {
         _addDelayedTransfer(wdId, wdmsg.receiver, wdmsg.token, wdmsg. // <--- here
    } else {
          _sendToken(wdmsg.receiver, wdmsg.token, wdmsg.
    }
    

It is then the responsibility of the user, once the locking delay has passed,
to call another function to claim the tokens. Unfortunately, in our case, this
means that the funds will be sent back to the gateway contract and not to the
original sender. Because the gateway implements `rescueEther`, and
`rescueFunds` functions, the admin might be able to send the funds back to the
user. However, this requires manual intervention and breaks the trustlessness
assumptions of the system. Also, in that case, there is no easy way to trace
back the original address of the sender, that corresponds to this refund.

However, there is an additional issue that might allow an attacker to steal
some funds from the gateway. Indeed, when claiming the refund, if it is in
ETH, the gateway will have some balance when the transaction completes. Any
user can then call any function that consumes the gateway balance, such as the
`swapAndBridge` from `CelerImpl`, to steal the refunded ETH. That is possible
as the function relies on a user-provided amount as an input, and not on
`msg.value`. Additionally, if the refund is an ERC-20, an attacker can steal
the funds by calling `bridgeAfterSwap` or `swapAndBridge` from the `Stargate`
or `Celer` routes with the right parameters.

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol:L120-L127**

    
    
    function bridgeAfterSwap(
        uint256 amount,
        bytes calldata bridgeData
    ) external payable override {
        CelerBridgeData memory celerBridgeData = abi.decode(
            bridgeData,
            (CelerBridgeData)
        );
    

**src/bridges/stargate/l2/Stargate.sol:L183-L186**

    
    
    function swapAndBridge(
        uint32 swapId,
        bytes calldata swapData,
        StargateBridgeDataNoToken calldata stargateBridgeData
    

Note that this violates the security assumption: "The contracts are not
supposed to hold any funds post-tx execution."

#### Recommendation

Make sure that `CelerImpl` supports also the delayed withdrawals functionality
and that withdrawal requests are deleted only if the receiver has received the
withdrawal in a single transaction.

### 6.2 Calls Made to Non-Existent/Removed Routes or Controllers Will Not
Result in Failure Major

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#145](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/145)
by adding a `disabledRouteAddress` contract to be returned for disabled routes
instead of a `address(0)`.

#### Description

This issue was found in commit hash
`a8d0ad1c280a699d88dc280d9648eacaf215fb41`.

In the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), `delegatecall` will succeed for calls
to externally owned accounts and more specifically to the zero address, which
presents a potential security risk. We have identified multiple instances of
`delegatecall` being used to invoke smart contract functions.

This, combined with the fact that routes can be removed from the system by the
owner of the `SocketGateway` contract using the `disableRoute` function, makes
it possible for the user's funds to be lost in case of an `executeRoute`
transaction (for instance) that's waiting in the mempool is eventually being
front-ran by a call to `disableRoute`.

#### Examples

**src/SocketGateway.sol:L95**

    
    
    (bool success, bytes memory result) = addressAt(routeId).delegatecall(
    

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol:L208**

    
    
    .delegatecall(swapData);
    

**src/bridges/stargate/l1/Stargate.sol:L187**

    
    
    .delegatecall(swapData);
    

**src/bridges/stargate/l2/Stargate.sol:L190**

    
    
    .delegatecall(swapData);
    

**src/controllers/BaseController.sol:L50**

    
    
    .delegatecall(data);
    

Even after the upgrade to commit hash
`d0841a3e96b54a9d837d2dba471aa0946c3c8e7b`, the following bug is still
present:

To optimize gas usage, the `addressAt` function in `socketGateway` uses a
binary search in a hard-coded table to resolve a `routeID` (`routeID <= 512`)
to a contract address. This is made possible thanks to the factory using the
`CREATE2` pattern. This allows to pre-compute future addresses of contracts
before they are deployed. In case the `routeID` is strictly greater than 512,
`addressAt` falls back to fetching the address from a state mapping
(`routes`).

The new commit hash adds a check to make sure that the call to the `addressAt`
function reverts in case a `routeID` is not present in the `routes` mapping.
This prevents delegate-calling to non-existent addresses in various places of
the code. However, this does not solve the issue for the hard-coded route
addresses (i.e., `routeID <= 512`). In that case, the `addressAt` function
still returns a valid route contract address, despite the contract not being
deployed yet. This will result in a successful `delegatecall` later in the
code and might lead to various side-effects.

**src/SocketGateway.sol:L411-L428**

    
    
    function addressAt(uint32 routeId) public view returns (address) {
        if (routeId < 513) {
            if (routeId < 257) {
                if (routeId < 129) {
                    if (routeId < 65) {
                        if (routeId < 33) {
                            if (routeId < 17) {
                                if (routeId < 9) {
                                    if (routeId < 5) {
                                        if (routeId < 3) {
                                            if (routeId == 1) {
                                                return
                                                    0x822D4B4e63499a576Ab1cc152B86D1CFFf794F4f;
                                            } else {
                                                return
                                                    0x822D4B4e63499a576Ab1cc152B86D1CFFf794F4f;
                                            }
                                        } else {
    

**src/SocketGateway.sol:L2971-L2972**

    
    
    if (routes[routeId] == address(0)) revert ZeroAddressNotAllowed();
    return routes[routeId];
    

#### Recommendation

Consider adding a check to validate that the callee of a `delegatecall` is
indeed a contract, you may refer to the
[Address](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/7ac4349710d3b242dd3ceea3200f1298f1c3d2b3/contracts/utils/Address.sol#L40)
library by OZ.

### 6.3 Owner Can Add Arbitrary Code to Be Executed From the SocketGateway
Contract Medium

#### Resolution

The client team has responded with the following note:

> Noted, we will setup tests and rigorous processes around adding new routes.

#### Description

The Socket system is managed by the `SocketGateway` contract that maintains
all routes and controller addresses within its state. There, the address with
the `Owner` role of the `SocketGateway` contract can add new routes and
controllers that would have a `delegatecall()` executed upon them from the
`SocketGateway` so user transactions can go through the logic required for the
bridge, swap, or any other solution integrated with Socket. These routes and
controllers would then have arbitrary code that is entirely up to the `Owner`,
though users are not required to go through any specific routes and can decide
which routes to pick.

Since these routes are called via `delegatecall()`, they don't hold any
storage variables that would be used in the Socket systems. However, as Socket
aggregates more solutions, unexpected complexities may arise that could
require storing and accessing variables through additional contracts. Those
contracts would be access control protected to only have the `SocketGateway`
contract have the privileges to modify its variables.

This together with the `Owner` of the `SocketGateway` being able to add routes
with arbitrary code creates an attack vector where a compromised address with
`Owner` privileges may add a route that would contain code that exploits the
special privileges assigned to the `SocketGateway` contract for their benefit.

For example, the Celer bridge needs extra logic to account for its refund
mechanism, so there is an additional `CelerStorageWrapper` contract that
maintains a mapping between individual bridge transfer transactions and their
associated `msg.sender`:

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol:L145**

    
    
    celerStorageWrapper.setAddressForTransferId(transferId, msg.sender);
    

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerStorageWrapper.sol:L6-L12**

    
    
    /**
     * @title CelerStorageWrapper
     * @notice handle storageMappings used while bridging ERC20 and native on CelerBridge
     * @dev all functions ehich mutate the storage are restricted to Owner of SocketGateway
     * @author Socket dot tech.
     */
    contract CelerStorageWrapper {
    

Consequently, this contract has access-protected functions that may only be
called by the SocketGateway to set and delete the transfer IDs:

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerStorageWrapper.sol:L32**

    
    
    function setAddressForTransferId(
    

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerStorageWrapper.sol:L52**

    
    
    function deleteTransferId(bytes32 transferId) external {
    

A compromised `Owner` of SocketGateway could then create a route that calls
into the `CelerStorageWrapper` contract and updates the transfer IDs
associated addresses to be under their control via `deleteTransferId()` and
`setAddressForTransferId()` functions. This could create a significant drain
of user funds, though, it depends on a compromised privileged `Owner` address.

#### Recommendation

Although it may indeed be unlikely, for aggregating solutions it is especially
important to try and minimize compromised access issues. As future solutions
require more complexity, consider architecting their integrations in such a
way that they require as few administrative and SocketGateway-initiated
transactions as possible. Through conversations with the Socket team, it
appears that solutions such as timelocks on adding new routes are being
considered as well, which would help catch the problem before it appears as
well.

### 6.4 Dependency on Third-Party APIs to Create the Right Payload Medium

#### Resolution

The client team has responded with the following note:

> We offset this risk by following 2 approaches - verifying oneinch calldata
> on our api before making full calldata for SocketGateway and making verifier
> contracts/libs that integrators can use to verify our calldata on their side
> before making actual transaction.

#### Description

The Socket system of routes and controllers integrates swaps, bridges, and
potentially other solutions that are vastly different from each other. The
function arguments that are required to execute them may often seem like a
black box of a payload for a typical end user. In fact, even when users
explicitly provide a destination `token` with an associated `amount` for a
swap, these arguments themselves might not even be fully (or at all) used in
the route itself. Instead, often the routes and controllers accept a `bytes`
payload that contains all the necessary data for its action. These data
payloads are generated off-chain, often via centralized APIs provided by the
integrated systems themselves, which is understandable in isolation as they
have to be generated somewhere at some point. However, the provided bytes do
not get checked for their correctness or matching with the other arguments
that the user explicitly provided. Even the events that get emitted refer to
the individual arguments of functions as opposed to what actually was being
used to execute the logic.

For example, the implementation route for the 1inch swaps explicitly asks the
user to provide `fromToken`, `toToken`, `amount`, and `receiverAddress`,
however only `fromToken` and `amount` are used meaningfully to transfer the
`amount` to the SocketGateway and approve the `fromToken` to be spent by the
1inch contract. Everything else is dictated by `swapExtraData`, including even
the true amount that is getting swapped. A mishap in the API providing this
data payload could cause much less of a token amount to be swapped, a wrong
address to receive the swap, and even the wrong destination token to return.

**src/swap/oneinch/OneInchImpl.sol:L59-L63**

    
    
    // additional data is generated in off-chain using the OneInch API which takes in
    // fromTokenAddress, toTokenAddress, amount, fromAddress, slippage, destReceiver, disableEstimate
    (bool success, bytes memory result) = ONEINCH_AGGREGATOR.call(
        swapExtraData
    );
    

Even the event at the end of the transaction partially refers to the
explicitly provided arguments instead of those that actually facilitated the
execution of logic

**src/swap/oneinch/OneInchImpl.sol:L84-L91**

    
    
    emit SocketSwapTokens(
        fromToken,
        toToken,
        returnAmount,
        amount,
        OneInchIdentifier,
        receiverAddress
    );
    

As Socket aggregates other solutions, it naturally incurs the trust
assumptions and risks associated with its integrations. In some ways, they
even stack on top of each other, especially in those Socket functions that
batch several routes together - all of them and their associated API calls
need to return the correct payloads. So, there is an opportunity to minimize
these risks by introducing additional checks into the contracts that would
verify the correctness of the payloads that are passed over to the routes and
controllers. In fact, creating these payloads within the contracts would allow
other systems to integrate Socket more simpler as they could just call the
functions with primary logical arguments such as the source token, destination
token, and amount.

#### Recommendation

Consider allocating additional checks within the route implementations that
ensure that the explicitly passed arguments match what is being sent for
execution to the integrated solutions, like in the above example with the
1inch implementation.

### 6.5 `NativeOptimismImpl` \- Events Will Not Be Emitted in Case of Non-Native Tokens Bridging Medium

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#146](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/146)
by moving the event above the bridging code, making sure events are emitted
for all cases, and adding the fix to other functions that had a similar issue.

#### Description

In the case of the usage of non-native tokens by users, the `SocketBridge`
event will not be emitted since the code will return early.

#### Examples

**src/bridges/optimism/l1/NativeOptimism.sol:L110**

    
    
    function bridgeAfterSwap(
    

**src/bridges/optimism/l1/NativeOptimism.sol:L187**

    
    
    function swapAndBridge(
    

**src/bridges/optimism/l1/NativeOptimism.sol:L283**

    
    
    function bridgeERC20To(
    

#### Recommendation

Make sure that the `SocketBridge` event is emitted for non-native tokens as
well.

### 6.6 Inconsistent Comments Minor

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#147](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/147).

#### Description

Some of the contracts in the code have incorrect developer comments annotated
for them. This could create confusion for future readers of this code that may
be trying to maintain, audit, update, fork, integrate it, and so on.

#### Examples

**src/bridges/stargate/l2/Stargate.sol:L174-L183**

    
    
    /**
     * @notice function to bridge tokens after swap. This is used after swap function call
     * @notice This method is payable because the caller is doing token transfer and briding operation
     * @dev for usage, refer to controller implementations
     *      encodedData for bridge should follow the sequence of properties in Stargate-BridgeData struct
     * @param swapId routeId for the swapImpl
     * @param swapData encoded data for swap
     * @param stargateBridgeData encoded data for StargateBridgeData
     */
    function swapAndBridge(
    

This is the same comment as `bridgeAfterSwap`, whereas it instead does
swapping and bridging together

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerStorageWrapper.sol:L24-L32**

    
    
    /**
     * @notice function to store the transferId and message-sender of a bridging activity
     * @notice This method is payable because the caller is doing token transfer and briding operation
     * @dev for usage, refer to controller implementations
     *      encodedData for bridge should follow the sequence of properties in CelerBridgeData struct
     * @param transferId transferId generated during the bridging of ERC20 or native on CelerBridge
     * @param transferIdAddress message sender who is making the bridging on CelerBridge
     */
    function setAddressForTransferId(
    

This comment refers to a payable property of this function when it isn't.

**src/bridges/cbridge/CelerStorageWrapper.sol:L45-L52**

    
    
    /**
     * @notice function to store the transferId and message-sender of a bridging activity
     * @notice This method is payable because the caller is doing token transfer and briding operation
     * @dev for usage, refer to controller implementations
     *      encodedData for bridge should follow the sequence of properties in CelerBridgeData struct
     * @param transferId transferId generated during the bridging of ERC20 or native on CelerBridge
     */
    function deleteTransferId(bytes32 transferId) external {
    

This comment is copied from the above function when it does the opposite of
storing - it deletes the `transferId`

#### Recommendation

Adjust comments so they reflect what the functions are actually doing.

### 6.7 Ether Might Be Sent to Routes by Mistake, and Can Be Stolen Minor

#### Resolution

The client team has responded with the following note:

> This can happen only if there is an error in API or integration. There are
> test cases to verify value on API side and we also run an automated testing
> suite using small amounts after each upgrade to the API before releasing to
> public. We also work with integrators to test out the flow covering all edge
> cases before they release. Overall we are fine with taking this risk and
> relying on rescue function to recover funds while testing.

#### Description

Most functions of `SocketGateway` are payable, and can receive ether, which is
processed in different ways, depending on the routes. A user might send ether
to a payable function of `SocketGateway` with a wrong payload, either by
mistake or because of an API bug. Let's illustrate the issue with the
`performAction` of the 1inch route. However, this can be generalized to other
routes.

**src/SocketGateway.sol:L90-L97**

    
    
    function executeRoute(
        uint32 routeId,
        bytes calldata routeData,
        bytes calldata eventData
    ) external payable returns (bytes memory) {
        (bool success, bytes memory result) = addressAt(routeId).delegatecall(
            routeData
        );
    
    
    
        function performAction(
            address fromToken,
            address toToken,
            uint256 amount,
            address receiverAddress,
            bytes calldata swapExtraData
        ) external payable override returns (uint256) {
            uint256 returnAmount;
            if (fromToken != NATIVE_TOKEN_ADDRESS) {
                ...
                {
                   ...
                    (bool success, bytes memory result) = ONEINCH_AGGREGATOR.call(
                        swapExtraData //<-- here we do not use the value
                    );
                   ...
                }
            } else {
                 ....
                (bool success, bytes memory result) = ONEINCH_AGGREGATOR.call{
                    value: amount  //<-- here we use the value
                }(swapExtraData);
                ...
            }
         ...
        }
    

Assume the user sent some ETH, but sent a payload with `fromToken !=
NATIVE_TOKEN_ADDRESS` (and the user has already approved the gateway for
`fromToken`). Then, the ether is not used in the transaction and remains stuck
in the `SocketGateway` contract. This is because the function only executes
the part of the code that transfers and swaps ERC-20 tokens, but not the part
that handles ether.

Now, suppose another user calls the performAction function with `fromToken ==
NATIVE_TOKEN_ADDRESS` and provides enough gas to execute the function. Since
there is ether stuck in the contract, this user can force the contract to use
the stuck ether to execute the swap by sending the exact amount of ether stuck
in the contract as the value of the transaction, effectively stealing the
funds.

This is why it's important to ensure that ether is only accepted when it is
needed and not left stuck in the contract, as it can be vulnerable to theft in
future transactions.

One could be tempted to fix the issue by requiring that the gateway balance
always equals 0 at the end of the transaction. However, this is not a good
idea, as anyone could cause a Denial of Service in the gateway by sending a
tiny amount of ETH.

One might also be tempted to fix this issue by requiring that `msg.value == 0`
iff `fromToken != NATIVE_TOKEN_ADDRESS`. However, this also poses a problem,
as the gateway might execute multiple routes in a "for" loop. This could lead
to reverting valid transactions (when both native and non-native tokens are
involved).

The best way to solve this issue might be to compare the balance of the
gateway before and after the transaction in all relevant functions. The
balance should stay the same otherwise, something wrong happened, and we
should revert the transaction. This could be implemented by adding a modifier
in `SocketGateway`, that compares the balance of the gateway before and after
the function call. Below is an example to illustrate the idea.

    
    
    modifier checkGatewayBalance() {
        uint256 initialBalance = address(this).balance;
        _;
        uint256 finalBalance = address(this).balance;
        require(initialBalance == finalBalance, "Gateway balance changed during execution");
    }
    

One would also need to introduce a `safeExecuteRoute` function that calls
`executeRoute`, but adds the modifier. Note that the other gateway functions
calling `executeRoute` in a loop also need to be fixed (such as
`swapAndMultiBridge`â€¦). The `executeRoute` function could be made internal.
However, note that one would also need to introduce an admin-protected
function that can perform arbitrary delegatecalls on the different routes,
without the balance check (such as the current `_executeRoute` function) in
case some refunds need to be processed manually (cf. issue 6.1)

### 6.8 No Event Is Emitted When Invoking a Route Through the `socketGateway`
Fallback Function Minor

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#152](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/152).
Further discussion about the scope of events in these cases is still ongoing.

#### Description

When a route is invoked through `executeRoute`, or `executeRoutes` functions,
a `SocketRouteExecuted` event is emitted. However, a route can also be
executed by invoking the fallback function of the `socketGateway`. And in that
case, no event is emitted. This might impact off-chain systems that rely on
those events.

#### Recommendation

Consider also emitting a `SocketRouteExecuted` event in case the route is
invoked through the fallback function

### 6.9 Unused Error Codes. Minor

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#148](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/148).

#### Description

SocketErrors.sol has errors that are defined but are not used:

  * `error RouteAlreadyExist();`
  * `error ContractContainsNoCode();`
  * `error ControllerAlreadyExist();`
  * `error ControllerAddressIsZero();`

It seems that they were created as errors that may have been expected to occur
during the early stages of development, but the resulting architecture doesn't
seem to have a place for them currently.

#### Examples

**src/errors/SocketErrors.sol:L12-L19**

    
    
    error RouteAlreadyExist();
    error SwapFailed();
    error UnsupportedInterfaceId();
    error ContractContainsNoCode();
    error InvalidCelerRefund();
    error CelerAlreadyRefunded();
    error ControllerAlreadyExist();
    error ControllerAddressIsZero();
    

#### Recommendation

Consider revisiting these errors and identifying whether they need to remain
or can be removed.

### 6.10 Inaccurate Interface. Minor

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#149](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/149).

#### Description

`ISocketGateway` implies a `bridge(uint32 routeId, bytes memory data)`
function, but there is no socket contract with a function like that, including
the `SocketGateway` contract.

#### Examples

**src/interfaces/ISocketGateway.sol:L32-L35**

    
    
    function bridge(
        uint32 routeId,
        bytes memory data
    ) external payable returns (bytes memory);
    

#### Recommendation

Adjust the interface.

### 6.11 Validate Array Length Matching Before Execution to Avoid Reverts
Minor

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#150](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/150)
by adding the necessary array length checks.

#### Description

The Socket system not only aggregates different solutions via its routes and
controllers but also allows to batch calls between them into one transaction.
For example, a user may call swaps between several DEXs and then perform a
bridge transfer.

As a result, the `SocketGateway` contract has many functions that accept
multiple arrays that contain the necessary data for execution in their
respective routes. However, these arrays need to be of the same length because
individual elements in the arrays are intended to be matched at the same
indices:

**src/SocketGateway.sol:L196-L218**

    
    
    function executeRoutes(
        uint32[] calldata routeIds,
        bytes[] calldata dataItems,
        bytes[] calldata eventDataItems
    ) external payable {
        uint256 routeIdslength = routeIds.length;
        for (uint256 index = 0; index < routeIdslength; ) {
            (bool success, bytes memory result) = addressAt(routeIds[index])
                .delegatecall(dataItems[index]);
    
            if (!success) {
                assembly {
                    revert(add(result, 32), mload(result))
                }
            }
    
            emit SocketRouteExecuted(routeIds[index], eventDataItems[index]);
    
            unchecked {
                ++index;
            }
        }
    }
    

Note that in the above example function, all 3 different calldata arrays
`routeIds`, `dataItems`, and `eventDataItems` were utilizing the same `index`
to retrieve the correct element. A common practice in such cases is to confirm
that the sizes of the arrays match before continuing with the execution of the
rest of the transaction to avoid costly reverts that could happen due to
"Index out of bounds" error.

Due to the aggregating and batching nature of the Socket system that may have
its users rely on 3rd party offchain APIs to construct these array payloads,
such as from APIs of the systems that Socket is integrating, a mishap in just
any one of them could cause this issue.

#### Recommendation

Implement a check on the array lengths so they match.

### 6.12 Destroyed Routes Eth Balances Will Be Left Locked in
`SocketDeployFactory` Minor

#### Resolution

Remediated as per the client team in [SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts#151](https://github.com/SocketDotTech/socket-ll-contracts/pull/151)
by adding rescue functions.

#### Description

`SocketDeployFactory.destroy` calls the `killme` function which in turn self-destructs the route and sends back any eth to the factory contract. However,
these funds can not be claimed from the `SocketDeployFactory` contract.

#### Examples

**src/deployFactory/SocketDeployFactory.sol:L170**

    
    
    function destroy(uint256 routeId) external onlyDisabler {
    

#### Recommendation

Make sure that these funds can be claimed.

### 6.13 Possible Double Spends of `msg.value` in Code Paths That Include More
Than One `Delegatecall` Minor

#### Resolution

The client team has responded with the following note:

> Adding the recommended CI/CD task to verify that future routes are delegate
> safe.

#### Description

The usage of `msg.value` multiple times in the context of a single transaction
is dangerous and may lead to loss of funds as previously seen (in a different
variation) in [the Opyn hack](https://samczsun.com/two-rights-might-make-a-wrong/). We were not able to find any concrete instance of the described
issue, however, we do see how this pitfall may become an issue in future
delegatee contracts.

#### Examples

Every code path that includes multiple delegatecalls, including:

  * `SocketGateway.swapAndMultiBridge`
  * the `swapAndBridge` function in all the different route contracts.

#### Recommendation

Consider implementing this recommendation.

## Appendix 1 - Files in Scope

This audit covered the following files:

File | SHA-1 Hash  
---|---  
/src/interfaces/ISocketRequest.sol | d8b481542fa4d3c5ef1cd1a4b49cb4904a05f58e  
/src/interfaces/ISocketGateway.sol | d9dfe384c55769f234d34915a53f02c74fa7a8e7  
/src/interfaces/ISocketRoute.sol | 30b5463db28cbf31a2ed05df722213d80405d6fa  
/src/interfaces/ISocketController.sol |
ebf9995a6f012633ee70996c8a8041c68b2c504a  
/src/interfaces/ISocketBridgeBase.sol |
a2c64914a161f5a52a06f4289eaf6152bfa5e53d  
/src/controllers/BaseController.sol | 37f610b3436923af895eb131921becc0d656fd56  
/src/controllers/RefuelSwapAndBridgeController.sol |
46686c77fa0ff59c5889c92a51c59207888efda1  
/src/controllers/FeesTakerController.sol |
02c6a81155bce74cf0d6b09670584792119435ff  
/src/errors/SocketErrors.sol | 7f530681f134dbcdfd83e18e22b1afe71b7dede1  
/src/SocketGateway.sol | f571078fd18a0092736a99271977747512ebb66a  
/src/static/RouteIdentifiers.sol | 8412534e55dac721ffc7aa438ae3d290bfbed4aa  
/src/bridges/BridgeImplBase.sol | 4ea3b4268d5c7d9be824a7e9fe73ed51b95c49c1  
/src/bridges/cbridge/CelerStorageWrapper.sol |
903b8e56d10ce34fa4b5d6a37ca070b19f95912a  
/src/bridges/cbridge/CelerImpl.sol | 66da779c3f383e136b77fe8877d2e7b5dc24a440  
/src/bridges/cbridge/interfaces/ICelerStorageWrapper.sol |
cb54f473c4460969a9766b7d8c22aa7df186ece5  
/src/bridges/cbridge/interfaces/cbridge.sol |
60b4a653355544fcf4f65567e284dc5dc2c509a6  
/src/bridges/stargate/l1/Stargate.sol |
88a964eae3e0c8d67596280af5a03b76db116684  
/src/bridges/stargate/interfaces/stargate.sol |
e02de8f547cbcee020a680a7a60bc1eb9f817065  
/src/bridges/stargate/l2/Stargate.sol |
7a33d727859ba83df9af5f185b5450b51b4e4c14  
/src/utils/Ownable.sol | 9f7f3a88bf1593e32cdb513e6151d6a5cf3f36e9  
/src/swap/SwapImplBase.sol | 2555cdac41c3d4ea5d56168365e2b6544ec06288  
/src/swap/oneinch/OneInchImpl.sol | 28f646473dfe0c31ebee7869f1f69fd88ed07088  
/src/deployFactory/DisabledSocketRoute.sol |
64a48bc0c2d7afb83d78942147933d12fd7041a3  
/src/libraries/LibBytes.sol | ee29b785d7e73b73cd7637a71717223b39fccd03  
/src/deployFactory/SocketDeployFactory.sol |
5fcd6dd59e683dd6a7429a970d3cf059997f1fe7  
/src/libraries/LibUtil.sol | 305421b34cc1adf07f16f6d8a3bc03f330357f9a  
/src/libraries/Pb.sol | 7af0ce1286b28f29e1ab58e60d8c169e74b5dbca  
  
## Appendix 2 - Disclosure

ConsenSys Diligence ("CD") typically receives compensation from one or more
clients (the "Clients") for performing the analysis contained in these reports
(the "Reports"). The Reports may be distributed through other means, including
via ConsenSys publications and other distributions.

The Reports are not an endorsement or indictment of any particular project or
team, and the Reports do not guarantee the security of any particular project.
This Report does not consider, and should not be interpreted as considering or
having any bearing on, the potential economics of a token, token sale or any
other product, service or other asset. Cryptographic tokens are emergent
technologies and carry with them high levels of technical risk and
uncertainty. No Report provides any warranty or representation to any Third-Party in any respect, including regarding the bugfree nature of code, the
business model or proprietors of any such business model, and the legal
compliance of any such business. No third party should rely on the Reports in
any way, including for the purpose of making any decisions to buy or sell any
token, product, service or other asset. Specifically, for the avoidance of
doubt, this Report does not constitute investment advice, is not intended to
be relied upon as investment advice, is not an endorsement of this project or
team, and it is not a guarantee as to the absolute security of the project. CD
owes no duty to any Third-Party by virtue of publishing these Reports.

PURPOSE OF REPORTS The Reports and the analysis described therein are created
solely for Clients and published with their consent. The scope of our review
is limited to a review of code and only the code we note as being within the
scope of our review within this report. Any Solidity code itself presents
unique and unquantifiable risks as the Solidity language itself remains under
development and is subject to unknown risks and flaws. The review does not
extend to the compiler layer, or any other areas beyond specified code that
could present security risks. Cryptographic tokens are emergent technologies
and carry with them high levels of technical risk and uncertainty. In some
instances, we may perform penetration testing or infrastructure assessments
depending on the scope of the particular engagement.

CD makes the Reports available to parties other than the Clients (i.e., "third
parties") - on its website. CD hopes that by making these analyses publicly
available, it can help the blockchain ecosystem develop technical best
practices in this rapidly evolving area of innovation.

LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES FROM THIS WEB SITE You may, through hypertext or
other computer links, gain access to web sites operated by persons other than
ConsenSys and CD. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and
convenience only, and are the exclusive responsibility of such web sites'
owners. You agree that ConsenSys and CD are not responsible for the content or
operation of such Web sites, and that ConsenSys and CD shall have no liability
to you or any other person or entity for the use of third party Web sites.
Except as described below, a hyperlink from this web Site to another web site
does not imply or mean that ConsenSys and CD endorses the content on that Web
site or the operator or operations of that site. You are solely responsible
for determining the extent to which you may use any content at any other web
sites to which you link from the Reports. ConsenSys and CD assumes no
responsibility for the use of third party software on the Web Site and shall
have no liability whatsoever to any person or entity for the accuracy or
completeness of any outcome generated by such software.

TIMELINESS OF CONTENT The content contained in the Reports is current as of
the date appearing on the Report and is subject to change without notice.
Unless indicated otherwise, by ConsenSys and CD.

![](/diligence/images/home/icon-ili-xs.png)

Request a Security Review Today

Get in touch with our team to request a quote for a smart contract audit.

[Contact Us](/diligence/contact/)

![](/diligence/images/home/icon-ili-outline-white.svg)

[Audits](/diligence/audits/ "Audits") [Fuzzing](/diligence/fuzzing/ "Fuzzing")
[Scribble](/diligence/scribble/ "Scribble") [Blog](/diligence/blog/ "Blog")
[Tools](/diligence/tools/ "Tools") [Research](/diligence/research/ "Research")
[About](/diligence/about/ "About") [Contact](/diligence/contact/ "Contact")
[Careers](https://consensys.io/open-roles/?discipline=32525 "Careers")
[Privacy Policy](/diligence/privacy-policy/ "Privacy Policy")

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Stay up-to-date on our latest offerings, tools, and the world of blockchain
security.

[ ![](/diligence/images/home/powered-by.svg) ](https://consensys.io)

